gh-138098: Clarify strong references in PyDict_Next docs for free-threaded build (#138106)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/dict.rst

   value represents offsets within the internal dictionary structure, and
   since the structure is sparse, the offsets are not consecutive.

   .. note::

>       In the free-threaded build, this function can be used safely inside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      On the :term:`free threaded <free threading>` build, this function can be used safely inside
```

      a critical section. However, the references returned for *pkey* and

>       *pvalue* are borrowed and only valid while the critical section is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      *pvalue* are :term:`borrowed <borrowed reference>` and only valid while the critical section is
```

>       held. If you need to use these objects outside the critical section,

Reviewer 2: The wording `outside` might be misleading here. To me outside the critical section means all code not between `Py_BEGIN_CRITICAL_SECTION` and `Py_END_CRITICAL_SECTION`. 

Here outside means: either outside the pair `Py_BEGIN_CRITICAL_SECTION` and `Py_END_CRITICAL_SECTION` or inside Py_BEGIN_CRITICAL_SECTION` /`Py_END_CRITICAL_SECTION`  but with the critical section lock suspended.

To put more emphasis on this:
```suggestion
      held. If you need to use these objects outside the critical section or when the critical section can be suspended,
```
(maybe the text can be reworded a bit better, I hope the goal is clear)

>       create strong references (for example, with :c:func:`Py_NewRef`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      create :term:`strong references <strong reference>` (for example, with :c:func:`Py_NewRef`).
```

      Py_BEGIN_CRITICAL_SECTION(self->dict);
      while (PyDict_Next(self->dict, &pos, &key, &value)) {

>          ...

Reviewer: This is an unrelated change, please revert.
